:sparkles: Adding ability to handle non fileURI by giving back to the provider (#205)
konveyor/analyzer-lsp: README.md

CLI Options:

```sh

>   --analysis-mode string       select on fo full or source-only to tell the providers what to analyze. This can be given or a per provider seting, but this flag will overide those.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --analysis-mode string       Can be full or source-only to tell the providers what to analyze. If full, source code and all dependencies will be analyzed, if source-only, only the source code will be. This can be given on a per provider basis, but this flag will override those.
```
